[music]
pure pan 1 1 1 emptiness plus sign than otherwise
you age I would be looking for keys plus
everything is fine with something
meters and voice for bread
technically such a reason
with a bunch of given turned out to be
4 st m
stream  and you have a niche at a time I’ll try to voice a
niche
for developers of the power of the power of the microphone of the
patients to give hacked
150 well for coloring and
so we took a gang shared
dct to
you the exact coordinates of the date for the songs
in the parting today with typing locations
ruble stream
for ford pro pro  ford ensign,
I usually manipulate the Russian
and I cheated on my husband, then the deployment there is
still a loop, then as I knew and doshik the truth
about Kadyrov's brother-in-law in a jerk with
fleshy, so the figures of sound don't work for you
people, what kind of talk about sound is all the
time, but who is there sound  poke until what
100 years before me I'm npc's both at home and nick
clogs at the dacha
control road trollino for sho I water
let's say that sweet we drag in it and echo March
so sweet would collude lips orphan well
yes they would be in the saga and here  kind of people were y
robots watching watching there it's people
c stealing mouths people qigong people t subtle
humor so and than
let's say
highly intelligent unless on
civilization people on people on so you but on the
anchor thinner maybe claude there people
have none of the pyramids and moms  a summary of the
development there kumar will be possible, and for this
there are some sexy
anal there.  there is a toilet and so on
there is a match for people,
let's say the higher the growth of acts
intellectual brush
is jokes jokes are also so
culturally such it turns out to
stretch the ancestral home of mayan and dota so you
like to create let's direct the stage
given sorry for the conversation here I choke here
quietly once again with an accurate transmission like we have
i.e. in ukraine, so I would holy guilt lasted
out and pretended to know this kind of intellectual humor in a bowl
, something else would convey humor for a place
and a brush of high we would not have
calculated the taiga March the cyst in the ruins
knows this
will take primitive so here to win the
fool studied  galloped and grimaced,
this subspecies
is rich in our personal sales on Mars, I’ll stay with
Vanya, cover it wrong and on and also the brother of
this same 95th quarter so we immediately
share the president and what they had
th boo-boo-boo this vice humor on the wings
not so very mickey's this what's there
diesen show scales th antics before the same
brush without a minute brush in
such places no and shark candles
chatroulette when the trouble is today
chat roulette the scarlet troshka wants here but the mouse will talk I miss you I know about the empty ones they read it like this and let's say I have accumulated to have an internal need to receive a kuvata song for a vein is not that normal about Kadyrov and about being coded was a bomb well let's say I don't know I dude prakash said we need to live in the toilet and stupidly add species for a month hard years according to vin came out in the garden lie down not funny topic russian kadyrovtsy here and there we will have so many rubrics of kadyrov jerk jokes tsakas so the topic and they just landed them really, I couldn’t there crests of you different kadyr and water technique inside out and are afraid to say Putin told Dasha Kadyrov how the world turned out to be wine you him from and fish fish here he is acids without a robotic he and she don't want worms in the bathroom can say which Ivan fought their somersaults in the heels put out the cable can say thing hole fought Kadyrov can say that  he fought from their forehead they are
your due gardens shorter than the game on the russian network
it comes there with the Ukrainians in chat roulette
above the mountain so well I show what I
add like I am not a pro with a strong
psychologist so well I will smear two such
such exhibitions l.  m.
let’s say we know how to live and I’ll go out holy, I love a Russian to give Ukraine away, and so he and a Czech come here because you, of course, understand your worthlessness in Russia, in Russia, no one is a shark, it’s not someone who’s a bit of a slave on which of the Kompantsev you you know how at school there atween michael twin sailors weak wrapped so here you go and from you can't think of ukraine them through the client's bathrooms would be harassed let's say you are looking for with so there crests you are not who you are!  yes, well, you Yanukovych would you
have won such all sorts of new dreams so
high and she won’t tell the Chechens noisy
NATO Kamov so could it be underdeveloped
so as not to be afraid of aloe than even kindness and an
hour Steven and Ukrainians teeth where the
sacralization of Kadyrov so I already knew from
in Russia van and  I wish I had a dark, figuratively
negative sword, and what
this one knows to those who are afraid of noisy
times, the lines in the letter to Volodymyr’s bone, so
coming to the throne whale of the Caucasus, you’ll torture all sorts of
ladies in short,
we can their bayat so well, let’s
try Rosie Griffin
roulette and  the image is complete because you know
so that's
who and the rite I have you know that
my [ __ ] brother was sitting there and then the
Sith cartoons blinks brozex on this type of sludge then for show-off to show-off
Oleg st and the
panther comes true figurative inlay so standing
in its place  and the authorities of the Russian
fund of a friend’s army bloom there Kadyrov
Kadyrovites and so on the
tsar crap to us wake up about time yes
about time so late we have 2100 from work
coming and what are you writing down  But at the lesson
, the Phils so quietly returned to the back
desk, and so you also visit the lessons, and
still Mary Ivanovna, and in short, I
hang out in your class so who came at one o'clock,
well, we both said about the ensign, so
okay, let's get up and hope out
is such screams, so I would specifically cut off the
right to smoke Ukrainians and
fall down the ladder, after all, I tried in view of the
traces of you for what winter would be like that and fuss
and a psychic
microphone spikes
one-one-one men at a time our 5
times times times men conversation  filmed
put out to walk zvirkun and make
machines ok let's succumb to one type of
prayer and the video is called the
handle
less the word-parasite so so similar to
people a
good day
later let's immediately try to
analyze the
character's guest so mow still you think about
him not yet mature Budanova lego
you are talking about  blame for the mouth chip and
she will write her own version of
these characters of the Sardinian river
hats
you are such a humorous blogger
yes no damn if you were filming something then I would
n’t take it off  small chat roulette is not my format
for what to give something or the scenery
still clung to myself, yes, for fun
, I communicate with people, you know me, it’s just,
well, really soldered it, but here
I specially chose Ukraine or, for fun,
yes, in general, find out how  business people
because I sometimes go in like I ask,
you know, how would I monitor the situation
like that, so I look back and forth sometimes it just
happens that there is an overabundance of information
in the head and the head starts to boil and then,
well, the mood is suppressed, you walk so
purely muddy, so I did for strength that
I need to scroll less of this type of
news, but still, like, from time to
time I look in, and so
I go to Ukraine in principle to find out
how people are doing and what is happening, that is,
firsthand about 1
it lasts to
drag her name to that character, so she
will come up with wine  you will introduce
yourself to wine lips and our life a bunch of text I
studied a bunch of cute guy to teach I would
you characterize that character with water in
two words called  example, if a
Russian missile breaks the guts of a
child, is it for fun or is it not for
fun, not from pouring in, it shouldn’t be in
any created, then you feel about it, you
know how, for fun, like a joke,
there’s no stink, so we are now at
war, your country, but  I know your country
attacked my country kills people here in
huge numbers and you
know that's for fun you know the hour of the mongrel there
11 5 so it's the Soviet one
slept a long time ago not russia is the
successor of the soviet union
but after yes well and so something if you think about it
now it’s completely different symbols, well,
you know, there, like for and from, they draw, I don’t know
in, I draw like a prick, I don’t know prick
vladimir smagin, that is, for example, the same ussr,
so it was a prison for the people, he
destroyed a lot of people and now you
are like a lot
to praise, that is, you actually
symbolize and the USSR, here you put on a case,
for example, there’s a suit there, not a single thing, okay,
it’s not about the husband’s conversation, it’s one
thing to talk, well, seriously, the other
to work before  the fact that I am ironic on
this or that topic to some extent
is complete [ __ ]
look well, if we are serious then
todo ira do not need to throw away the
war is very serious but I won’t sing we
can’t media it if you succeed
come  into a Ukrainian cage, and
already in such a form, so on purpose,
then tease to see how people
will react in the same way, really no
no no no no, well, what is the essence of this, but
mother, but you know, this is such a mechanism for
screening out morons, so I would say
so because  Well, it’s not them,
someone swept the dude, come the hour of guilt
in a quiet attack, especially the parental
hat with blamba,
choosing Ukraine in chat roulette, and
says that this is a mechanism for weeding out a
[ __ ] take the top wing, specially
legal people for aggression, I
’ll take a bite of
wine, profit, acts on winning from TV  and it’s quieter
that someone’s fault 3 my cousin is
still active in the fleet of the mouth that,
let’s say, bends over the victims of guilt and doesn’t
listen well deservedly, I’ll agree, in general, I
know that there are people  and adequate people in
ukraine in russia also have adequate
people, but I consider myself to be
adequate, but there are people who are frankly morons, well, that
is, they see that from a Russian server
and such types, [ __ ] you Russian from a
bale, I didn’t even have time to say a word, that
is  but there are normal people who
could first say [ __ ] off and then
eat with them normally chase such [ __ ]
well you are a normal guy all things and
who, well, immediately recognized the
position and everything like that, conscience
should happen normally everyone
looked at the analogy with the bailiff people who
have  there, in a concentration camp there, the Nazis
killed the Jews, which means their
relatives never go into the roulette chat,
so here the dude is sitting in a
Hitler costume, for example, what do you think what
reaction they will have to
skip and still send the truth,
most likely, that is, and here absolutely that
that is, it turns out that now there
is an active phase of hostilities, people
are being killed, people have relatives of the
deceased, acquaintances of the dead, and not
including them there  and here are the specialties
specifically provoked by this, so when you
get emotional
pleasure from it so that someone
will send it, I get before this feedback some
opinion about people in principle and that’s
some kind of batik you got the opinion of people you
received from
you turned out back to what the [ __ ] I
can’t even formulate all night I have
n’t slept with them yet shop it’s normal
to think it was raining secular hats
somehow magically they have a bad effect on the brains of
people filming immediately you start
thinking okay let’s try but
communism is complete garbage that’s real
let's try a hat with them and start
formulating thoughts normally
but not to hell, but this magic hat is
Soviet glasses they put on a hat in the army
people all stopped thinking
yes now nothing has changed
then
I myself will disenchant how the Russian himself does not decompose according to fairy tales
in ours, someone has disenchanted
baci then by the cap I read the comments t
like everyone else and the
hat will be all right, that’s the moment
exactly like that, and the article itself was
before it, not everyone
mixed it, I know it, take off my hat,
okay, if you like it, giving
try to blige
winx girl of the day in the hat, put plus
who believes that after  to know, and his hats
smell normal, you think, and minus who
believes that whoever takes the hat, the winza, is
embroidered with a tightened plus and who shared the
magic hat, thoughts crystallize into it,
and minus no one can
talk normally with this, it was a demonic
hat, that’s all, and now you start
thinking  already adequate, well, try the house with
thoughts to gather my
head, I say the head does not cook if he did not sleep
all night, since our chiquita stove has
no Soviet badges on the body,
no, I did not respect communism as an ideology,
because communism is a complete fool,
in principle, if you take some kind of ideology,
they  everyone rushes to extreme extremes
, and in the end it turns out to be complete garbage
, something like a utopia, and the top is
impossible due to human vices
like  at least, well, in my opinion, the best
ideologies, so which are
composed of several, she took a
little bit here and all those all ideologies
somewhere a little bit what the hell is there in short, the
goal of the flick is gone, so I
’ll really sow a star more the medial up
writhing  we are a costa of an intellectual so we
can call both the formula of cotton wool and the
axis I will say so people yaki come out petya
pork communion of guilt of
course Ukraine in I visit a client
during the Ukrainian chat-roulette
special we choose Ukrainians so
dress so outrageous that the puzzle of this
Ukrainians so I respect  account such
immoral people take the top gel evidence directly by
Peter bypassing the people of the cinema and Peter and mine such
people are the Bolsheviks, here you are and from the face of
such an internal spiritual
unfulfillment from Steve's shop and we
like to
say we are obsessed with just such
these people and
cysts are born by the view of their edge to win mind
reading by the court of only Ukraine is easy Kabul and
for their state
s we are for unnecessary yummy batchat
dudika starting at the address of cotton wool so even
let's say live, that is, we are such we are fluid
and negative before the hat is his protection the
son of relics was the country without a hat he was
chosen no yes well it was
long in a hat and tahini would be like a
people on them, but
yes,
all the words that I read and merged the hat
took off the major turned off so which Crimea yes
this next is
so long let us lipstick and that is
fluffy for a long time will be a stream for a long time will be a
stream for a long time will repeat the stream of a
close hodynka until we can earlier for a
take  go away three or four times food
so he betrayed ukraine sent taking off his
hat even before the morality of the year for all
so the words are
naty ok and let's blow more often than one such
character at a time today we have
some such symbols of Russian imperial
let's get
to being lazy
how yes, well, let's drag a ps3
character at a time you will be disgusted with him
and she will try and water experts
milk from the feed guess the melody there I
guess 7 notes I you
move yusas you don’t allow at a time try to take them off there for a couple of seconds a century it was visible yes you are that dude that at a time Budanov ice and fill it on a baking sheet and that under his nose I’ll put the hit of the hussars to the position of the version like this until dawn and not disgusting and tear off pepper hang yourself somewhere in a non-existent state before the former want the restoration of the Russian empire I want great from great Russia and what does the Russian have to do with hanging the flag of Russia there is no reason for the Russian empire when the state that the course has nothing to do why hang territorially how territorially just part of Russia captured to the Russian feather bed to the capture that the Russian empire did not seize great Russia from the princes to the emperor passed, wait, look, he was in Kyiv, here is the prince to reign Novgorod farin of the Russian empire, create from the Moscow kingdom from the Moscow principality, it was not created then Petersburg, do not look Peter he made empires from where territorially where did it come from the Moscow principality  it’s true, but you can pay off Petrograd, what year is it in let’s go back 10 now I’ll explain one thousand seven hundred years let’s go back to Russia let’s rummage 10th century how she began to send Rurikovich Rurikovich to Moscow Moscow is right that wait what skeins of Moscow have not yet been let’s start Kulikovich they and I’m Moscow, almost Moscow, I wouldn’t give it, I’m the whole topic, so Russian there, like Moscow princes, so people whose Moscow and no one can tell about the chronology of Bubu in Kyiv, yes, it’s worth it, and I’m a crab there, it’s beautiful, the Moscow principality has become so sad, and someone that - then auto shoot up has subsided, you don’t know, I threw it into their ear and nfc trance people here Vladimir baptized Russia in 988 Moscow didn’t exist yet 988 yes here is the end of the 10th century so Russia is this territory that now belongs to Ukraine partially Belarus so there somewhere to me where Moscow is now, so there you can name what tribes of Slavs lived on the territory of Moscow, that is, there were no Slavs before us
they founded the bone after oh and what
tribes lived there
to the Baltic
no
no no
these are German tribes
well, it's just herman's German
polls went the words in what year
did they go from cowards and in what century
did
they understand somewhere the court and the
4000 fourth century were about a boy
4 and further there were pluses in the fourth century,
yes, of course, it’s
interesting, but the Goths were here in our
territories, here’s
who once again a year and a year,
we are with the punks, of course, and that is, you don’t
have to informally know you don’t know that
the host was there for a year and the Visigoths
they are
sincerely Germanic tribes and weren’t interested
here, just somewhere where you live didn’t
go and I won’t go to the Crimea, I’m where I
was
and here we move on to the ulu the main topics
let’s be in this sti the
heirs of Russia so  russia is the
duration of russia he still lives checks
siberia and i heaps and so on so this is a
dude telling si slavs and pishly
view of prussia in tartog although plus it’s me
german dagestan baltiysk bolts
lived there but he
and clearly visible on the course sent in short and asks for ds 2010 the capital of the world stop stop there man wait hook solution hq debts so anapa you are a plus sign for calculations and would give out not Buzova salad broadcast described put a plus sign che arched at a time and miracle mackay sleeps poking her out I just wrote that the link broke at once put a plus sign man it all means a hole the Germans further yes there and sour Mono Babaevskaya jump out near me was here we push off 988 we know for sure in Kyiv there was Russia so the territory we take there is the Rostov Suzdal principality there it was called Zalesye true, of course, climbing is not Russia, this territory is controlled by Russia, just like, for example, now I’m on the way or Buryatia, so on the territory controlled by Moscow, no, why is it precisely the territory of Moscow that will be Moscow, the territory of Russia, this is not a separate republic or the state has given Yes, well, look let’s do it yakut and this is not rus land i more axis x century they are russians yakut and legs  the code and this is their land, this
code is not Russia, the truth is,
at the moment, the
possibility of course, the Yakuts were not
during the great times,
further
Russian in Russian broadcasts,
wait for help, I want to figure it out,
see
if
Russia has now captured, for example, I have
Kutya or there the Mongols have captured Moscow, Moscow is
melting from this Muscovites  they become Mongols from this
movies they are on the territory of
Mongolia they are man man ok these are Mongols but
we are not a national sign and we are
just normal Nazis not why we have
national signs to do with it and I'm
talking about another I have a relationship with a person with
states before citizenship  well,
not only
if I was born in Poland if I was born, for
example, in Lviv at a time when he
was Polish and he or Lviv became
Ukrainian I am a Pole of Luka int depending on
who you are ethnically for them from, and at a
time when we fly Lviv you
confuse citizenship  you confuse
nationality citizenship for example, I didn’t
understand, I just ask a question if I
was born in times for  lions were
Polish and
he became Ukrainian I’m Ukrainian or the field
depends on who your parents are Poles or
Ukrainians, but like the lions it was always
Polish as always after the author’s
lions
Poles like Poles don’t look and who
was such a king to know the king of Russia and
Denmark Danilo Galitsky
I love these tales to houses and so on
scarlet with a dude and giving proper nutrition
,
let's say 2 buffets in Poland and I people all have
lions their thuja is lighter than Ukraine so but
poked their show lyudyna was so born
in there let's say a Jew backgammon FSO from
received  states of america min a jew of
someone
i want to say yakut to be born in the
russian federation vinnik well che
russian
another church sh and who are the peoples all like the
infernal sullivan who is kisame chik-chik that
people in russia you start and the essence of it
you are
national attach powers here then
there is an excellent brush
ostentatious so good agency the role of juice
such
here google the king of juice
there was no such as crowned danila
kozlovskiy
only the Spaniards and the British could give out the crown, but we
didn’t
understand you, we didn’t have kings, we didn’t
have minutes, it’s right, it’s not you in
Yakutia there or where, but we have
Danilo Galician,
well, on the territory of this
Russia-Ukraine  Yes, there was a king, all
Ukrainians, yes, so he founded it, his
son Lev was Lev Danilovich Kalita
, the Commonwealth was later already
taken away,
they took it from you, not quite taken away,
look, we entered the
Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth in the temporary 18th-
18th centuries, they lived happily through  at the
time of the 18th early 19th century, it
will only allow you to pour out,
don’t look, let’s try, so I
understand that in this cute it’s hard for you to get
cold so try to swear without beer, we
’re conducting a
serious historical dialogue, it
turns out that you look at Ukraine, here’s the
territory as it got into the Commonwealth
as
not  I know,
but the fact that Ukraine, this timidity was in the
Grand Duchy of Lithuania,
you know, well, that is, it turns out more, too
, more and
more also applies to
Poles and Poles  Olyaks Kiryushins and these are
different peoples but Lvovich among the Lions still waiting for the
Lions founded by Prince King of Russia Danilo of
Galicia
named him in honor of his son he
was named
okay 4 territory before the Lions was the daughter of the
Commonwealth
if the course of the different author of the Ugric Empire
on the territory of the territory of this territory
but the people  the people who now live
from a friend and look if, for example, I
founded the territory in less than a week
they took it and other people lived there for a hundred years
tea my territory or their
leadership Kaliningrad is whose
book is the savings of the cat whose territory was in the
former they thought that is full how many
Russians are there  Russians live in the forty-fifth year, the
whole history there was Germany, it’s
good that these are Russian cities at the
moment, so lions then it’s whose city
at the moment
I’m so the question is not
what I’m talking about as how people consider a
Ukrainian near or a field, we don’t say  whose
territory
let's consider as a person I salon
example was born on in lviv at the time
at the time she was  and the
territory of ukraine of the
soviet union, or look, let's see it
this way,
I explain the meaning now, for example,
manuel macron, the president of france, so he
goes to live in russia in yakutia, and with
his wife and give birth to a child there, this
child will be the french russians or
yakuts who are
wild only between how the
parents are french i managed  1 toy
will be a knife, it
turns out that you are not at all your mother, they
are shaping a person and while
someone gave birth to him, but there is really no perception,
they are few people and we are shaping Igor who
he is by nationality
but French foam that
we are now dealing with the concept of
nationality, then there is a hand why am I
at all
ramzan kadyrov he is for purposes of Russian
given
ours yes the topic of ramzan is to cook porridge and well, that’s
all nonsense and kim and chui also here he
wasn’t born in poland in the beginning of the fields so if he’s
born in yakutia then he’s a likud and now
hooves are not up to ramzan kadyrov
wines then russian  or a Chechen to launch
his version is still healthy, the king is an expert
in ethnicity, a kind of story, so I will think of him
who  ramzan kadyrov chechens from che russian
write your own write your own version and at a time
we will learn the colors and think we already know that
kadyrov did not fight snatching porridge and at a time we
know who wines
an excellent
exchange do the Russians of course
you clean his finger stronger he is a Chechen
born in Chechnya
just as I am reluctantly contained in
Likud,
then I have every right to consider myself rus
let's how are you Russian or I cut
of asha ramzan kadyrov from the length of the
visual understand he is a Chechen or Russian
this is how this is a
Russian
Chechen
interest
for example you are together with the city of
Khmelnitsky  Well, you’re
right, a resident of the city of Khmelnytsky,
for example, a person and he is Ukrainian at the same time,
and don’t look, he is a citizen of Ukraine, but he
can be a Russian Jew,
Ukraine,
that is, if he cannot be Ukrainians,
still confuse with analysis there is no brilliance for you
phenomena, he cannot be  by
nationality, not like me near the borders,
I can’t be and costs, I’ll move to
Israel, I won’t be a Jew, but how are we
slaves there,
I’m not moving my girlfriend  ha Willis was born
you confuse the concept of citizenship a citizen of a
Jew who lives in Ukraine he is a
citizen of Ukraine of a field who lives in
Ukraine he teased Ukraine there is
he is a Jew but he is a citizen of the nickname from the
age of a Jew who is a citizen of
Ukraine ukraine he is not a Jew but
no by nationality by nationality
no  he
doesn’t have
yuri, he and rey
don’t have him, he’s a citizen of ukraine, well, you see,
you and I are different, yes,
in general, but the nationality of the minister’s place
as a national one I know a cultural
peculiarity, so you don’t have to
look around, but Russia is divided by
nationality into republics
there exists
every
citizen of russia
loads and what you say about yourself
russian he is
russian kadyrov russian goof off i
also say down and i am yakut i can’t
consider myself russian correctly
you can calculate yourself in one you can
consider yourself an alien there is not
stupidity well I bring myself well  that is, I am
associated with what I was born in Yakutia,
how I was born in Russia
to understand where from and the racer to the Russians
since the Russians live in Russia, the
citizens of Russia,
it is clear from them that
you are a citizen of Russia correctly, so the
vector lives 5 Vika 1000 Chechen
Buryat Nick by nationality or Russian
if he lives there, but you are citizens of the
Russian Federation and confuse
citizenship and so  the same as the Zelensky
Zelinsky Jew who is a citizen of
Ukraine, the president on a small note rouge,
he is a Kolomoisky Jew, also a Jew,
if I have a sign of Ukrainians that
inflammation, but how do you distinguish,
for example, the fields, that
is, somehow distinguished, that is, I am for and
cultural features then also  the very
day it says that he may
not
be able to
understand,
but how to understand that in front of you is Russian,
I want you, how would I ask you, I don’t know how
to really understand Putin, he’s
Russian or German
don’t let it be like this, it’s not our president who is a
Jew, you are fascists, so you don’t need
to die, it doesn’t
stop being a Jew  I reached it
on weight, it’s considered
here, it’s already looking at me here what’s the matter
girls
are studying if he’s a black racist in
Ukraine,
you understand this and some gardens are friends,
film screenings, then in the frame you can see the sex of
Ukraine, we
blame
adequately, dad corrected us there with Russia,
Ukraine,
but he’s not  maybe he means he
can’t
now we’ll check if he’s Ukrainian or
Russian tell me how you feel about the war
in
ukraine  if so, the Russians immediately
for the war, if I could say if
I
, appoint me, then from the point of view the thing of Ukrainian
money to you,
I also
understand
what not to do and who I am a
girl and we broke the kid, oh boy,
some Yakutian and didn’t think about the task and
who  I and at a time we learn about genealogy,
we’ll figure out who you are,
for example, who your parents were,
parents were Poles and Russians new cut
me there Ukrainian in our city we
also know a lot about Volodarsky
Volodarsky
Ukrainian Polish maybe
even what we say in
short, see me  now doing a
hybrid survey of a
person 15 people is
stupid everything is for the war for the war for the war
we
communicate there, we find out
they want wars like, well, that someone
fought for them there, like straighten
it, I like it
happening,
I have a very complex topic that should be
dealt with by the fund Allah and the military
they me I have no idea of no knowl
dge you a
e a citizen this
ar goes on from time to ti
e maybe maybe my money because you a
e a [ __ ] guide but argues that
r  it’s correct and what’s wrong, I can’t
because I don’t have information to
sort it out, but potassium and look at the moment
we also pay for medicine, well, I don’t
understand the price, you looked beautiful,
you walk down the street and you see a man hitting a
girl on the head with a bat, do you think  it’s
right or wrong, I
tried it myself, looking, that is, to see you
start not walking a man and, in short, hitting a
girl like that with a bat on the
head, you see it hits,
yes, it’s just that he just goes and bio hits,
let’s not
swim swoops, let’s one of your
neighbors
break  the door and another neighbor beats his
wife in his apartment and then it’s
clearly right for what, but there is a reason
for what to beat, that is, you can name the
reason,
I’m just trying to understand,
look, I can give an example, a neighbor
broke into the house and started beating his
neighbor with bits for that  something
hit his child or for the fact that he
listened loudly to music so that he
listened to music it is not necessary to beat if he hit the
child then it is necessary so it's just s  mart
you could quickly fight the context of bim
exactly well let's call and
figure out ukraine ukraine was doing something
russia was listening to music loudly or she
beat a Russian child in russia and
you yourself look at the flow of yakutia
I always wonder about this position
but how did I bring both in a bunch
somewhere -  then he worked for his father and
we sat down at zero dawn,
while from this grandmother’s apartment it probably was
already an apartment for the night and mine left when
I go home, my mother’s name
is actually
I
now there will be a stele for us to Thailand and
closer to Moscow I’m
really two  times cheaper than prices have fallen,
well, we can give a car for us,
let’s say we have a car,
and
in Europe it’s even cheaper it turns
out from cars from
Japan,
someone takes these grandmothers of bedrooms from us,
so it’s clear
more than any countries except the Arab
Emirates up to the throat hoshi violations okay
after that, let's all run well,
it was nice to talk with you, it's
good that you don't support the war, you understand
that your share of the responsibility of the citizens of
Russia is on this  because the war
is going on in your name to
mold to the tick,
such a
crazy turn would give the cob spoke with
me a bunch of not us Russian ladies, but then
you grow s&p passive there, that is,
adequate half Ukrainian to
half Russians date tazu queen and mother
Russian woman, that's
why it comes to light  half poles
half there on the planet and Chilean
days on the floor in the fields filled, that is,
there and
there ios shows almost me to the empire of the
Russian Horde on wigs dolores
mines the peoples of Ukrainians in yakutia there in
kazakhstan russians there rf in ukraine vinci shot
places
in the extreme baltic so  for something
else to be blurred, then ethnic
identity and now the knitting clap all there
vic to leave it is no longer
partly marked and the self-identification of the Yakutian so to win
half the Pole is filled with memorized who
all i even the identity of leaving me and
Russian and I am a certain glass of Kutyan
[music  ]
completely blurred identity emporio
whole chicken is there still people on may
national called Khrushchev as ethn  os
janus by the look of persons and at the 3rd stage would
violate to a pood of his power, I
just know the
workforce so they got both axles in the mines
and
yes, ssh wove an extreme heart
the cob itself became
come on 100 to situations people batchchat and
massacres and we have the truth in  root and people to him
on I couture us the jug tells me the
cob 1 and then eat cool
pacinos I’ll spin this one twist and
spin me to fix it, he can still have
them on the right where the chicken is in their heads and
people sometimes have doses and doses of recovery than the
evil ones are rich in such
our task will become lost with you so for that the
Russian federation would go chip
uchal years joy raises and the national
identity of tedx peoples and kia in russia
i am cute storm chechens and so on the
less water will be us kind of ground that
they are not russian they are yakut they are  the Buryats
have this is their territory
they are the Russian territory on which they
live so people in the garden in a
completely different way and the flower can reach
and the link there is still spring for the people so in Russia the
company  and now the moon is already on its way to
pull this forget to like the
streams on the patch who knows the place you
pout our stream the
profitability of the mammoth invested the stream and we
ourselves a lot of
our
graph innocently ziua ta hello you can
ask the Russians a question how they think
if Putin was appointed president after himself
coded hero  russia to
fool someone kadyrov's husband enters the
political sex of the russian federation
has already gone beyond my own chechnya and after the house is not the
fate of a political figure chicks can be
your fault yes, after all, trying to play
games with the president that I know
then drag
means give it lasts strings  it’s so
that it’s working and bending the 20s, well, here’s another
test for you to write, but just
come up with a bent one, it’ll just be for rent a
shock bule from Dan and it’s exposed
incorrectly because your often strobe is
economical, you have it and to test to
pull the centuries of the screw  and everything is just there,
let's go quietly sinclair, but to
fill in why the shoulder of such that much more
simply put, this is where we want  all
pokasiki and give here he’ll be like this to us
why because often it’s a valuable
resource on the tram it’s just you
just say the shoes of the nbu so the monastery the nerves of the
Russian step you get to the pain of the bowl
injury you talent to the wild
unwind
knowing such Yakuts
I check sitting  on the content of the frame
before Kadyrov, I pulled this out of the closet
and throw out the cl and the buddha, it is necessary
to replace it with a smaller figure, look for our cowpers,
but for today, good May 3, musya glory to
ukraine and yes victor k our streams of victors
thursday saturday
2103 toil
[music]